com.sune.appmanager.AppInfo: AppInfo()
com.sune.appmanager.AppInfo$ProgramName: AppInfo$ProgramName()
com.sune.appmanager.AppInfo$ProgramSize: AppInfo$ProgramSize()
com.sune.appmanager.AppUtil: AppUtil()
com.sune.appmanager.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
com.sune.appmanager.MainActivity
com.sune.appmanager.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.sune.appmanager.R: R()
com.sune.appmanager.R$attr: R$attr()
com.sune.appmanager.R$color: int list_bg
com.sune.appmanager.R$color: int list_item_selected
com.sune.appmanager.R$color: R$color()
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: int bottom_bg
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: int list_divider
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: int list_item_selector
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: int list_separator
com.sune.appmanager.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: int iv_program_icon
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: int lv_my_apps
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: int tv_app_total
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: int tv_pkg_name
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: int tv_program_name
com.sune.appmanager.R$id: R$id()
com.sune.appmanager.R$layout: int my
com.sune.appmanager.R$layout: int my_list_item
com.sune.appmanager.R$layout: R$layout()
com.sune.appmanager.R$string: int app_name
com.sune.appmanager.R$string: R$string()
